Update Logs docs (#7134)
auth0/docs: articles/logs/query-syntax.md

---
title: Logs Query Syntax
description: Learn about Auth0's log search query string syntax.
toc: true
topics:
  - logs
  - log-management
  - search
  - query-syntax
contentType:
  - reference
useCase:
  - manage-logs
---

# Logs Query Syntax

> The [Management API logs endpoint](/api/v2#!/Logs/get_logs) allows to retrieve logs either by checkpoint (last retrieved log id) or by search criteria. We highly recommend to use the checkpoint approach to export logs to the external system of your choice and perform any search or analysis there, as logs stored in our system are subject to [the retention period](/logs#how-long-is-log-file-data-available). You can use any of the [Export Auth0 logs to an external service](/extensions#export-auth0-logs-to-an-external-service) extensions to export the logs to the system of your choice (like Sumo Logic, Splunk or Loggly).

Reviewer: "...allows **you** to retrieve..."

Author: the section was removed and added similar paragraph in /logs article

> The [Management API logs endpoint](/api/v2#!/Logs/get_logs) allows to retrieve logs either by checkpoint (last retrieved log id) or by search criteria. We highly recommend to use the checkpoint approach to export logs to the external system of your choice and perform any search or analysis there, as logs stored in our system are subject to [the retention period](/logs#how-long-is-log-file-data-available). You can use any of the [Export Auth0 logs to an external service](/extensions#export-auth0-logs-to-an-external-service) extensions to export the logs to the system of your choice (like Sumo Logic, Splunk or Loggly).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [Management API logs endpoint](/api/v2#!/Logs/get_logs) allows to retrieving logs either by checkpoint (last retrieved log id) or by search criteria. We highly recommend to use the checkpoint approach to export logs to the external system of your choice and perform any search or analysis there, as logs stored in our system are subject to [the retention period](/logs#how-long-is-log-file-data-available). You can use any of the [Export Auth0 logs to an external service](/extensions#export-auth0-logs-to-an-external-service) extensions to export the logs to the system of your choice (like Sumo Logic, Splunk or Loggly).
```

> For eventual searches that you require to perform on the Manage Dashboard or via the Management API, you can use the syntax described in this article to find your logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When searching for events in the Manage Dashboard or via the Management API, you can use the syntax described in this article to find your logs.
```

Author: section was removed and similar paragraph added to /logs article

- `log_id`: the id of the log event
- `date`: The moment when the event occured.
- `connection`: The connection name related to the event.
- `connection_id`: The connection id related to the event.
- `client_id`: The client id related to the event
- `client_name`: The name of the client related to the event.
- `ip`: The IP address from where the request that caused the log entry originated.
- `user_id`: The user id related to the event.
- `user_name`: The user name related to the event.
- `description`: The description of the event.
- `user_agent`: The user agent that is related to the event.
- `type`: One of the [possible event types](#log-data-event-listing).
- `details`: The details object of the event.
- `strategy`: The connection strategy related to the event.
- `strategy_type`: The connection strategy type related to the event.
- `hostname`: the hostname that is being used for the authentication flow.

### Fields Searchable Against Bare Terms

If a search term is entered without a field name, it will only be searched against the following fields:

- `user_name`
- `connection`
- `client_name`
- `type`
- `ip`
- `log_id`
- `description`

> ### Exact matching

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Exact Matching
```

Search all logs with user id's matching exactly "123" | `user_id:"123"`
Search for all logs with a type starting with "s" | `type:s*`
Search for user names that start with "jane" and end with "smith" | `user_name:jane*smith`
Search for all logs in December 2018 | `date:[2018-12 TO 2018-01-01}`
Search for all logs from December 10, 2018 forward | `date:[2018-12-10 TO *]`

### Limitations

When you query for logs with the [list or search logs]() endpoint, you can retrieve a maximium of 100 logs. Additionally, you may only paginate through up to 1,000 search results. If would like to receive more logs, please retrieve your logs [by checkpoint] retrieval.

If you get the error `414 Request-URI Too Large` this means that your query string is larger than the supported length. In this case, refine your search.

## Search Engine Migration

We are currently migrating our logs search engine to provide customers with the most scalable, robust and fastest search experience. All tenants in the cloud US region were migrated to the latest engine (v3) starting November 15, 2018. Tenants in other cloud regions are still on the previous engine (v2) and will be notified on the migration soon.

> ### Search Engine v3 Breaking changes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Search Engine v3 Breaking Changes
```
